Dad misses
That's a fake daughter who occupies the magpie's nest
Now I'm back.
He should have gone back to the country.
Marry the wild man with three children
Second married old man
Jia Qianjin
miss
Jia Qianjin from Shiwen I just read
That's the name.
I became him
The one who was forced to marry an old man
Abused his three children
The fake daughter who was later beaten to death in the street
In the end, it's the old man who gives fake money to get in
I would never agree that you are responsible for marrying an old man
He was packaged wrong since he was a child
Died in place of evil years and suffered for more than ten years
He must not fight for the rest of his life
Besides, this marriage was arranged away from home
If there is a master to marry, you should want to marry
It's all the fault of his biological parents
Oops, okay, stop talking, okay
I agree with family.
The man in the book is very affectionate
It's not a loss if you can't marry
Miss you, don't blame us for being ruthless
There is really no way.
I understand if I don't go
You must be worried that I will snatch cultural relics from you Sisi
Reply aha
Miss Dad
Here's 100 bucks, hold it, enough for you to spend for a while?
If you have any difficulties in the future, please come to us at any time.
Dad?
Mom, shouldn't I come back?
Otherwise, I'd better go and change the year back
Oops what to say
Nonsense, you are still my biological daughter
I have raised him for 18 years
He should have left long ago, mom
Who are you?
What are you doing at our Zhou house?
I'm Zhou Yuesheng's new wife
Is he at home?